---
published: true
---
## Data won Wimbledon

Angelique Kerber won the  women's singles at Wimbledon after beating tennis superstar Serena Williams. She dropped out of the top 20 Rankings last year after a stellar 2016 when she won two grand slams. But all that clearly changed when she took Data assisted coaching. Her coach, Wim Fissette is data driven. He primarily seems to view his job, the article on [espn](http://www.espn.in/tennis/story/_/id/24182180/tennis-how-data-driven-coaching-helped-angelique-kerber-latest-crown) suggests, as utilising the best statistics to improve the player. He doesn't give the player all the statistics he has, only the important ones. He also seems to believe that each player needs to be dealth with differently when it comes to statistics. There can be a cautious extropolation to suggest that, Data will make sports great and statistics will become,if not already, a common staple.

## George Soros - Need I say more!

There seems to be a general belief in certain sections of polity that George Soros controls the world. Some of those beliefs extend into antisemitism too. Sometimes those believes are held by leaders of a country( **cough Viktor Orban, Hungary **). But what does George Soros actually play in the political. Can someone explain who this figure is. Thankfully, the New York Times is on it. It recently published [this](https://www.nytimes.com/2018/07/17/magazine/george-soros-democrat-open-society.html?fb=0&recb=signature-journalism.thompson_sampling&recid=17sGArVDRaKcLR8OC2P34zT6vKz) lengthy article explain Soros's worldview. It shows how his childhood, in the time of Hitler, even today shapes his action, his fight with his own protege Viktor Orban, his charitable works towards liberal societies, and his aversion  to extremes -both left and right are well laid out.

