---
published: true
---
## Hell-**Sink**i
The summit between President Trump and President Putin in Helsinki was to say the least not great. But [this](https://www.newyorker.com/news/daily-comment/the-unwinding-of-donald-trump) New Yorker article, by one of my favorites [David Remnick](https://www.newyorker.com/contributors/david-remnick), is so incivesely sharp that it could cause bleeding. The post says and I quote "Trump proved himself, at best, a heedless amateur, blind to the bogus arguments and offers being made by a shrewd adversary". This is a great article for anyone to understand the gravity of President Trump's actions. You can be a normal supporter of Trump, but  you have to remember that alienating your closest allies to be on one man's good graces is not really smart.

## Make America Peace Again

In the wake of a threat by the President of the United States against a powerful oil bearing country in an ALL CAPS tweet it is important to consider some basic facts to navigate the issue. The last sentence felt so crazy, I had to just right it and check. So here are the facts
1) The Iran Deal was working and it was built not in trust but on verification by international agencies.
2) It was actually an international agreement between all the permanent member of UNSC, Germany and Iran and actuall called the JCPOA
3) It dealt an extensive blow to any nuclear ambitions the hardliners in Iran had.
4) It brought hope to millions of young Iranians who were just looking to do better in their own lives.
5) The war with iran will be a costly war, both in humanitarian and moneterary aspects, and could have consequences which will shape decades of global policy in the Middle east one way or the other.
6) We do not how such a war will happen in isolation without Russian or Chinese influence.
7) The U.S. Fiscal Policy will suffer a significant setback, with rising interest rates on debt to raise money to fund the war.
8) There is no guarantee of a victory cough Vietnam cough
9) You can almost certainly never predict how any limited strike by the U.S on iranian soil will turn out.
10) It will overall be a catastrophic thing with little upside. Iran is not the greatest theat to the U.S.A. Maybe to Isreal, but not to the U.S.A.
You can read more about the war with iran here. Finally, I don't believe the war is a likelihood, but afterall what is a likelihood anyway !
